[Music]
corals yeah they're animals not rocks
since they do eat or plants because they
don't create their own food
a coral is actually made up of thousands
of tiny animals called polyps
oh and they travel nowhere in a day
[Music]
the dwarf seahorse is the slowest fish
we know of
clocking in at less than five feet per
hour
with those numbers it could cover just
40 yards in a day because of their small
size
the dwarf seahorse is also called the
sea pony
sloths aren't much faster typically
covering 41 yards in a day
less than half the length of a football
field sloths are so slow
that algae actually grows on their fur
but they're great swimmers
and can get through the water three
times faster than they move on land
[Music]
banana slugs can travel three to six
inches in a minute
do the math and in 24 hours one could
cover 120 yards the length of a football
field
they don't however because the distance
a slug travels
is limited by how much slime it can
produce
komodo dragons are the biggest lizards
today
they patrol their territory and walk
about 1.2 miles a day
they can eat up to 80 of their body mass
calculate what that would be for you
the average person walks about 3 000
steps a day or
1.3 miles but if you consider the
average daily commute to work
we cover a much larger distance 32 miles
there and back
cheetahs are the fastest animal moving
on land
they get a speeding ticket in most
places clocking in at 76 miles per hour
but they travel only up to four miles a
day since they mostly stick to one area
and sneak up on their prey
wildebeests that migrate together with
zebras and antelopes
cover only a few miles a day but the
sheer size of their migrating groups and
the distance they cover
is what's mind-blowing more than two
million animals walk for hundreds of
miles over a three-month period
it's the world's largest animal
migration on land
lions normally travel about 10 miles but
they have been known to cover up to 50
miles in 24 hours
they're the only cat species that live
in a social group
called a pride for lions and the females
do most of the hunting
the arctic lemming also travels 10 miles
in a day
doesn't seem like much until you realize
the creature weighs under 3 ounces
i'd be like you walking the distance of
40 grand canyons in 24 hours
no thanks
gazelles can cover up to 20 miles in a
single day
they've evolved to have a smaller heart
and liver so
they need less oxygen and lose less
water
important stuff when you live in the
desert they get all the water they need
from
food without actually drinking
hyenas also travel about 20 miles every
day
or even more if they need to search for
scarce food
they might look like dogs but they're
neither canines nor
felines hyenas are their own biological
family
their bite is one of the strongest in
the world and they're not all scavengers
some species do hunt
a polar bear usually covers 20 miles in
a day but some have been tracked
traveling 50
or even hundreds of miles over a 24-hour
period
these seemingly big bumbling animals can
actually run 25 miles per hour
and their skin is black
packs of wolves travel up to 30 miles in
a day in search of food
loaners looking for a new pack or a mate
can travel much further
up to 500 miles that'd be like going up
and down mount everest 50 times
[Music]
yellowfin tuna can swim up to 40 miles a
day
tuna don't have nerve endings in their
tail because they swim so fast
it would otherwise hurt dolphins though
are limited in their swimming speed for
this exact reason
the chinook salmon can swim 46 miles in
one day
some species of salmon travel up rivers
from the sea
for hundreds of miles to arrive at the
same spot where they were born
to give life to their young
some bats travel 50 miles overnight but
always return to their nests before dusk
they can live in colonies of millions
and they fly at an incredible 100 miles
per hour
caribous travel up to 50 miles every day
when migrating
and can find their way through
unfamiliar grounds
experts say these animals seem to have a
built-in navigation system
like migratory birds in a year they can
cover over 3000 miles
more than the distance from san
francisco to new york
during hunting trips female emperor
penguins
sometimes travel over 50 miles just to
find ocean waters teeming with fish
krill squid and other goodies yum
they're the largest of all the penguin
species and dive deeper than any other
bird
over eighteen hundred feet and that's in
freezing antarctic waters
humpback whales may not be the farthest
daily travelers
with about 70 miles a day but they swim
over 6 000 miles
every year during migration season they
hold the record for the longest
migration among marine creatures
a great white shark named nicole hey why
not
was tracked covering nearly 7 000 miles
over 100 days
or about 70 a day these magnificent
beasts travel non-stop
since sharks need to move constantly to
breathe
green turtles can swim more than 80
miles in one day
often against the current a newborn
turtle is the size of a golf tee
but adults grow up to five feet long and
can weigh
700 pounds
dragonflies can cover up to 100 miles in
a day while hunting
though they seem to fly to smaller
distances on a typical day
300 million years ago there were giant
dragonflies with two foot wingspans
insects probably got so big back then
thanks to more oxygen
in the atmosphere
monarch butterflies migrate every year
from canada to mexico
covering around 100 miles a day the
farthest measured daily travel distance
for this tiny creature
was almost three times that the
interesting part is they never come back
the next generation does
elephants living in the savannah can
walk a surprising 125 miles a day in
search of food and water
they need to drink 50 gallons of water a
day to stay hydrated
despite their clumsy look elephants can
run up to 28 miles per hour
faster than the fastest olympic runner
and when they go
they never leave their trunks behind
orca pods that's what their packs are
called can cover 140 miles in one day
these animals have different languages
and accents
two orcas from different regions won't
understand each other
also orcas aren't really whales they're
actually part of the dolphin family
a golden eagle can cover up to 225 miles
in a single day
and reach 200 miles per hour while
diving for prey
eagles like owls can't move their big
eyes
they have to rotate their heads to get a
270 degree
view
some swifts can fly over 105 miles per
hour
and travel several hundred miles a day
they can be airborne for 10
months at a time which means they cover
the distance to the moon and back
several times in their life they can eat
and sleep
while flying that's a trick
the ruby-throated hummingbird weighs
about as much as a penny
its heart makes over 1200 beats in a
minute and the bird breathes 250 times a
minute at rest
some of them cross the gulf of mexico a
distance of 500 miles
in about 22 hours not bad for the
smallest bird on our planet
the albatross with its over 11 feet
wingspan
is the largest flying bird it spends
almost all of its life over the ocean
it can travel for 500 miles almost
without flapping its wings
peregrine falcons can fly up to 800
miles a day
and reach 125 miles per hour in
horizontal flight
and 186 miles per hour while diving
that's the fastest endurance flight
among birds and the fastest animal on
the planet
they live on all continents except
antarctica
the bartail godwit covers about 18
miles that's three quarters of the earth
circumference
in three week long flights that comes to
900 miles a day
and 7 300 miles of non-stop flight
out does any aircraft humanity has ever
made
periodical cicadas don't cover
impressive lengths
if any at all but they do sort of time
travel
they emerge from their underground
burrows every 13 to 17 years
this extremely long hibernation helped
remove them from the food chain
since no animal can depend on them as a
food source
there can be over one million bugs in a
single acre
think about that the next time you're in
your backyard
but don't let that bug you